# Clarity-Tokens
The extensive design token set for the platform "Clarity" including web and iOS variations. 
When designing the token set for clarity, accessibility was the primary focus on both the iOS and the website. The colour scheme was chosen with the recommended two primary colours, two secondary colours, and two tertiary colours, including three shades of each colour. The colour choice also follows the 4.5:1 contrast for optimal legibility. The type choice and spacing were also made with legibility in mind, using Atkinson's Hyperlegible as it meets all criteria for accessibility, while the 1.5x spacing between lines was also chosen with legibility in mind. Margin minimums are often 8pt; however, they can be increased to 16pt for improved legibility, which is what the padding was set to on the "variablesTokens.json" spacing code. There are four different radius tokens within the "variablesToken.json" file to ensure the button, tab, and checkboxes remain uniform between the different platforms clarity is viewed from. The suggested minimum tab and button size is 44x44pt, which is what the iOS buttons are set to, while the webpage is set to 72x72 due to the increased screen size. The key difference between the iOS app and website tokens, shown in "stylesToken.json," is the font size for copy and tabs, as the size of those sections differs between the app and website. Using tokenization has allowed for the iOS app and Website to appear the same, despite being viewed on different screen sizes. 
